Privacy policy

This policy explains who we are and what information we collect when you use Hackachain’s website, services, products and content (“Services”). It also has information about how we store, use, transfer, and delete that information. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not accept our Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use, you should not use our Services.

We are Hackachain, company (“we”, “us”, “our”) that controls and manages this website and all subdomains (“Websites”).

Please note our Sites can contain links to third-party websites, applications, and services. Information collected by third parties is governed by their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.

This Privacy Policy applies to personal information about you that we collect and process through our Websites. Company doesn’t earn money from ads. So, we don’t collect data in order to advertise to you. The tracking we do at our websites is aimed to make our Services better. We collect personal information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) you use when you: use our Services, register for an account with us, provide us information on a web form. We may also collect other personal information from, as described below. This Privacy Policy describes the policies and practices with regard to the collection and use of your personal data and sets forth your privacy rights. The Company recognizes that data privacy is an ongoing responsibility, and, therefore, the Company will from time to time update this Privacy Policy and its privacy practice as the Company undertakes new personal data practices or adopt new privacy policies.

1. Consent rule

1.1 If you have given consent to the processing of your data, you can freely withdraw such consent at any time by emailing the Company to info@hackachain.org.

1.2 If you do withdraw your consent, and if the Company does not have another legal basis for the processing of your data, then the Company will stop the processing of your personal data.

1.3 If the Company has another legal basis for the processing of your data (legitimate Interests, for example), then the Company may continue to do so subject to your legal interests and rights.


2. How we use your personal data
2.1 We use your personal information to provide and improve our Services, provide you with a personalized experience on our websites, contact you about our Services, provide you customer service, provide you with personalized advertising and marketing, and to detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities.
2.2 In particular, we use your information:
To establish and administer commercial relationships and transactions under our Terms and Conditions;
To contact you or reply to any communications you send us; 
To review and enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions and guidelines and policies; and
To analyze the use of our Websites in order to understand how we can improve our content and services.

2.3 Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we will only share Your Information with your consent, and after letting you know what information will be shared and with whom. We do not sell Your Information to any third party.

2.4 We will cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose Your Information to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion.


3. Collected data

3.1 The Company collects data when you interact with its Websites, especially when:
you browse any page of the Websites;
you contact the Company or the Company contacts you;
you use the Websites;
you receive emails from the Company;
you chat with the Company for customer support.

3.2 The Company collects the following categories of data:
contact details such as your first name, last name, nickname, address, telephone number, email address, website url, reference to your Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Telegram account;
business details such as your company, your job title, website, links to any security related achievements;
data that identifies you such as your IP address, login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types, geolocation information about where you might be, operating system and version;
data on how you use the Websites such as your URL clickstreams (the path you take through the Websites), goods/services viewed, page response times, download errors, how long you stay on webpages, what you do on those pages, how often, and other actions.

3.3 The Company collects the following categories of data within the following Websites: https://www.hackachain.org
contact details such as you’re your first name, last name, telephone number, country, email address;
business details such as your company;
data that identifies you such as your IP address, login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types, geolocation information about where you might be, operating system and version;
data on how you use the Websites such as your URL clickstreams (the path you take through the Websites), goods/services viewed, page response times, download errors, how long you stay on webpages, what you do on those pages, how often, and other actions.



4. Purposes and legal basis for the processing

4.1 The Company processes the data for:
Providing Services:
Details: the Company needs to provide services accessible via the Websites.
Legal basis: Consent; Contract; Legitimate Interests.
Keeping the Websites running:
Details: managing your requests (like orders), login and authentication, remembering your settings, processing payments, hosting and back-end infrastructure.
Legal basis: Contract; legitimate Interests.
Improving the Websites
Details: testing features, interacting with feedback platforms and questionnaires, managing landing pages, heat mapping the Websites, traffic optimization and data analysis and research, including profiling and the use of machine learning and other techniques over your data and in some cases using third parties to do this.
Legal basis: Contract; legitimate Interests.
Customer support
Details: notifying you of any changes to the service, solving issues, any bug fixing.
Legal basis: Contract; Legitimate Interests.
Marketing and analytical purposes (with your consent)
Details: sending you emails and messages about new functions, goods and services, and content.
Legal basis: Contract.


5. Security

5.1 We have security and organizational measures and procedures to secure the data collected and stored. We have security policies and data processing agreements with all our employees and contractors who are obliged to follow and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures.
5.2 We use servers that comply with strict international data security standards, including ISO 27001.

5.3 You acknowledge that no perfect security infrastructure exists, no data transmission is guaranteed to be 100% secure, and there may be some security risks.


6. LinksRetention period

Links listed on the Site are for informational purposes only, any use of those links are solely at the user discretion and are their own sole responsibility. We offer no warranty or acceptance of responsibility for any and all actions and interactions between users from our site and the linked sites.


7. Age limit
The Company’s Services are not intended for children under 13 years old. Children aged 13 or older should not submit any personal information without the permission of their parents or guardians. By using the Company’s Services, you are representing that you are at least 18, or that you are at least 13 years old and have your parents’ or guardians’ permission to use the service.


8. Cookies
Cookies are pieces of data that a Website transfers to a user’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes.
The Company uses cookies to provide proper functionality on the Websites and aggregate traffic data (e.g., what pages are popular).
The Websites capture limited data (user-agent, HTTP referrer, last URL requested by the user, client-side and server-side clickstream) about visits to the Websites. The Company may use this data to analyze patterns and to perform system maintenance.
You have several options on how to manage cookies on your device. All browsers allow you to block or delete cookies from your device. You may consult the privacy features in your browser to understand what you should do if you need to manage cookies.
