Terms of Service

1. Terms

By accessing this Website, accessible from hackachain.org, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws. If you disagree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from accessing this site. The materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright and trade mark law.

2. Use License

Permission is granted to register and use the web application for the purpose of browsing and audit management. Under this license you may not:

resell our services;
use the materials for any commercial purpose or for any public display;
disclose personal information of auditors working on your project
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the reports
This will let Hackachain to terminate upon violations of any of these restrictions. Upon termination, your viewing right will also be terminated and you should destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether it is printed or electronic format.

3. Disclaimer

All the materials and services on Hackachain’s Website are provided “as is”. Hackachain makes no warranties for web application availability, may it be expressed or implied, therefore negates all other warranties.

4. Revisions and Errata

The materials appearing on Hackachain’s Website may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Hackachain will not promise that any of the materials in this Website are accurate, complete, or current. Hackachain may change the materials contained on its Website at any time without notice. Hackachain does not make any commitment to update the materials.

5. Links
Hackachain has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The presence of any link does not imply endorsement by Hackachain of the site. The use of any linked website is at the user's own risk.

6. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Hackachain may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time without prior notice. By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
